Wiki Logo  
Search
搜索	 
贡献
 ZH
维基帮助
用户个人资料ruofeima
ruofeima
ruofeima
 Wiki Index
 Page Index
 User Index
AWS IT Security…PluginsDyePack Check DetailsEC2IPAuthentication
EC2IPAuthentication
主要所有人 dyepack (POSIX)
21 天前由swlacy进行了最后修改。
 
This page was created by Quip2Wiki from a Quip document (See original) at 'Tue, 10 Feb 2026 16:53:48 GMT'

What’s Wrong?
Security Severity
How do I fix it?
I need this web endpoint but it doesn’t need to be exposed to the internet
I need this web endpoint and it must be exposed to the internet
I don’t need this web endpoint anymore
Exceptions
How do I request an exception?
Support
FAQ
This web endpoint is non-production or for a test/demo - why do I need to implement authentication?
I resolved the risk or requested an exception - when will the finding close?
Resources related to this web endpoint got auto-mitigated by Epoxy - what do I do?
I resolved the ticket from DyePack but it reopened - how do I close the ticket?
I don’t see the resources hosting the web endpoint in the associated Isengard account - how do I remediate the risk?
I'm following an AWS workshop that suggests or requires public access - what should I do?
This web endpoint isn’t mine or I don’t know what it is - why was I engaged for this security finding?
This web endpoint has authentication - why did I receive this security finding?
This web endpoint is behind a load balancer (ALB, NLB) - why did I receive this security finding?
Which resources are in scope for this finding?
Resources related to this web endpoint do not involve an EC2 instance - why did I receive a finding about “EC2 IP Authentication?”
How often are resources re-scanned?
What is DyePack and how does scanning work?
If you’re building a production service, defer to the official Midway and Federate guidance.

What’s Wrong?
DyePack detected that a web endpoint hosted from your Isengard account is publicly accessible and lacks strong authentication, which does not meet the AWS Security bar. All web resources must implement authentication to protect Amazon systems and data from unauthorized access.

More information:

Amazon Security Expectation 3: Encrypt Communications and Enforce Authentication - Authentication Requirements
Aristotle Recommendation 18: Implement Authentication
Security Severity
Web endpoints hosted in Production Isengard accounts: Critical (Sev2).
Web endpoints hosted in Non-Production Isengard accounts: High (Sev3).
For non-production Isengard accounts marked as Personal, Epoxy auto-mitigations are enabled: AWS resources related to this website got auto-mitigated by Epoxy - what do I do?.
How do I fix it?
https://w.amazon.com/bin/download/Templates/Overrides/Wikistyle_standard_red/WebHome/Stop_hand.png	 Alert: To avoid causing an outage or disrupting services, please be careful when making changes after receiving a ticket from AWS Security. Just because this is a security risk, that doesn't automatically mean you should bypass your standard deployment process. All systems are different and it is important to be certain you are not making changes that cause more harm than good. Have a peer review your changes or make these changes under an MCM if necessary.
If there does not appear to be any unexpected activity related to this resource take your time to address this carefully while using your team’s guidelines for changes.

Production accounts should be handled with care.

Please see here for guidance on how to respond to a ticket from AWS Security

Pick the option below that best corresponds with your use case. The finding will be automatically resolved within 24 hours after the risk is no longer detected.

I need this web endpoint but it doesn’t need to be exposed to the internet
If the web endpoint does not require access from the internet, such as if you are building a demo only you or your team will access, the easiest way to resolve this finding is to restrict access to the resource to within your VPC. Guidance:

Aristotle Implementation 28: VPC - Security Groups
Aristotle Implementation 332: Remove Public IPs from EC2 Network Interface
If you’re routing traffic to your endpoint with an ELB, consider setting the Scheme to Internal, which will allow connections from within your VPC, but not directly from the internet (ALB guidance, NLB guidance).
If you’re exposing an EC2 instance directly to the internet, consider using SSM Port Forwarding to access web resources on your local machine from an EC2 instance within your VPC without exposing it to the internet.
I need this web endpoint and it must be exposed to the internet
I need to authenticate internal Amazon employees: Implement Midway in NAWS and enroll your service in AEA.
Also see: How Do I Protect My Non-Production Web App With Midway?.
I need to authenticate users outside Amazon and/or I am integrating with a third-party service: Implement Cognito with Amazon Federate.
This is a short-lived demo or test resource which contains no business or customer data, or I cannot implement Midway or Cognito for another reason: see This web endpoint is non-production or for a test/demo - why do I need to implement authentication?.
I don’t need this web endpoint anymore
When you have verified the web endpoint is no longer needed, shut down or terminate the resources hosting the web endpoint (EC2 instances, EKS containers, ALB/NLB listeners, etc).

Note: Suspending the Isengard account the resources are in will not automatically remove the resources. If the account is no longer needed, please terminate resources before suspending the account.

Exceptions
If you are part of Sales, Marketing and Global Services (SMGS): Note that SMGS explicitly does not allow publicly accessible demo resources. Additional security guidance around demos can be found here.

How do I request an exception?
If this web endpoint must be publicly exposed and authentication with Midway/Cognito cannot be implemented, file an exception in Mirador. The finding will be suppressed when the exception is approved by your management.

Finding category: Web Security Analysis
Finding type: Missing or improper authentication detected for publicly accessible EC2 IP.
Support
If your question is not answered by How do I fix it? or the FAQ, please reach out in #dyepack-support in Slack.

FAQ
This web endpoint is non-production or for a test/demo - why do I need to implement authentication?
Exposed resources can be compromised for crypto mining, lateral movement, or persistence, regardless of whether they contain business or customer data.

If authentication cannot be implemented, see How do I request an exception?.

I resolved the risk or requested an exception - when will the finding close?
The finding will be automatically resolved within 24 hours after the risk is no longer detected or the exception is approved.

Resources related to this web endpoint got auto-mitigated by Epoxy - what do I do?
For findings on resources in personal Isengard accounts (non-production, no business/customer data), resources may be automatically isolated by Epoxy to mitigate the risk. If this happens, you'll receive a separate notification from Epoxy about what actions Epoxy took.

If Epoxy auto-mitigation was successful, no further action is required; if not, see How do I fix it?. To prevent auto-mitigation, either implement approved authentication or file an exception.

To roll back changes made by Epoxy, see the Epoxy Mitigations FAQ.

I resolved the ticket from DyePack but it reopened - how do I close the ticket?
Please do not manually resolve the ticket; it will be automatically closed for you when DyePack verifies that the risk is no longer present, or when the finding is suppressed with an exception. See How often are in-scope resources re-scanned?. The ticket will be automatically reopened if it is manually closed. If you feel you have addressed the risk but DyePack isn’t resolving the ticket, please reach out (Support).

I don’t see the resources hosting the web endpoint in the associated Isengard account - how do I remediate the risk?
Ensure you’re in the correct region. The finding details state the AWS region and Elastic Network Interface (ENI) ID of the scanned resource. AWS employees can visit Admiral to get more details about the resource - e.g. https://admiral-pdx.ec2.amazon.com/search?q=eni-12345678abcde (make sure you’re in the appropriate region in Admiral).

I'm following an AWS workshop that suggests or requires public access - what should I do?
Some AWS workshops instruct exposing resources publicly for learning purposes. If public access is not required, restrict public access (see I need this website but it doesn’t need public access) and terminate the resources after completing the workshop.

Consider using Burner Accounts, which are automatically cleaned up after seven days. Burner applications created with BuilderHub Create have a configurable retention period between 3 days and 2 months.

This web endpoint isn’t mine or I don’t know what it is - why was I engaged for this security finding?
Finding ownership is based on the ownership (Bindle, CTI) of the Isengard account the resources hosting the web endpoint reside in. If the finding should be resolved by someone else, please update the ownership of the Isengard account to the correct owner.

This web endpoint has authentication - why did I receive this security finding?
If the authentication mechanism is not Midway or Cognito via Federate, it does not meet the AWS security bar. Basic authentication (username and password) is never an acceptable authentication mechanism.

If this web endpoint does implement Midway or Cognito, and you believe this finding has been raised in error, please mark the finding as Not_Useful in Talos with the reason “Tool Incorrect.”

This web endpoint is behind a load balancer (ALB, NLB) - why did I receive this security finding?
The finding is about implementing authentication to prevent unauthorized access to the web endpoint. A load balancer on its own does not perform authentication.

Which resources are in scope for this finding?
Any web endpoints accessible via public IPs associated with EC2 Elastic Network Interfaces are in scope to be scanned with this security check, including those attached to EC2 instances, ALBs, NLBs, etc. A finding is raised when the web endpoint does not show signals of Midway or Cognito implementation. Endpoints with Midway/Cognito, without JavaScript, and APIs are not flagged by this security check.

Resources related to this web endpoint do not involve an EC2 instance - why did I receive a finding about “EC2 IP Authentication?”
Such as EKS, ECS, or Fargate containers: see Which resources are in scope for this finding?.

How often are resources re-scanned?
Hourly (SLAs).

What is DyePack and how does scanning work?
See DyePack’s FAQ.

标签： Quip2Wiki Quip2Wiki:xhtml
信息
备注 (0)
附件 (0)
历史记录
嵌入此页面的页面:
没有页面内嵌此页面
 
MVP 复制状态:
已在Monday, May 26, 2025 at 1:24:48 PM Coordinated Universal Time上启用。
文档上次导出时间为Tuesday, February 10, 2026 at 4:55:50 PM Coordinated Universal Time。
有关 MVP 复制的更多信息，请在此处查看。
 
Instructions for accessing Wiki page view data can be found here.
 
页面问题？ 联系信息 dyepack (POSIX)

维基产品帮助？ 访问 维基帮助w.amazon.com 由维基团队运营

